Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
YOUNG WINNETOU AND THE LOST BUFFALOS
Let's go! Guys. hurry!
Go. Ennito!
Come on! Faster!
We have to catch up to them.
Go!
Hurry!
That way!
-Hey!
-Move!
Keep going!
Careful.
Hurry up! Go on. Nscho-tschi.
-We can do it!
-Taza's nearly here. Faster!
Yes. Now you.
Careful. Tokala!
Come on.
This time we'll win!
Come on. guys!
No!
Taza missed the target.
But he didn't abandon his companions.
A single arrow...
breaks easily.
Many arrows...
are unbreakable.
They are stronger together.
Go. the warriors are returning
from the hunt.
Winnetou.
I see
that you have a burning desire
inside you to lead others.
Perhaps even to become chief.
Like the moth
that flies close to the fire.
a chief-to-be also has to learn
to restrain himself.
He must put the welfare of his tribe
before his own.
And his decisions
must ensure peace within the community.
But how am I to know
whether a decision is right or wrong?
Trust your heart.
Your chief...
returns empty-handed.
The buffalos that roam our hunting
grounds during the falling leaf moon
did not come.
On our long hunt
we were unable to make a kill.
How will we survive the Long Night Moon
without meat or hides?
The council will decide
what is to be done.
I'm glad to see you again.
What happened to the buffalos?
They can't have just vanished.
Did you look for traces of them
off their usual route?
-Maybe...
-My son.
I mean...
I sent people
to gather agave. dates and nuts.
Thanks. my friend.
Have Ish-kay-nay go on night watch.
I can go on night watch. I'm rested.
It is a task for seasoned warriors.
But I'm as skilled
as older tribespeople.
And... I'm the son of the chief.
And you think that alone
makes you a seasoned warrior?
-I just want to help.
-Fine.
I'll give you a task.
Great!
There's another one.
And there!
What's wrong?
It is a very honorable task.
If you leave the turds
more buttercups grow...
I thought Father would give me
a more important task.
He may not think you're ready.
Then I'll prove it to him.
Winnetou?
-Why are you not in your tent?
-My father sent me to relieve you.
-But Nagi-nita said...
-I know.
He changed his mind.
You can go and rest.
Let go. horse thief!
Hey!
Stop!
Oops.
Okay. let's agree...
to call it a draw?
Come on. I just wanted to pet the horse.
Tying me up is a bit much.
Come on!
Oops. I...
think there's a fire over there.
Fire!
Our stores!
-Go! Get water from the river now!
-Go! It's burning.
Hello. Chief...
-Who is he?
-I'm Tom Silver.
And this is all just a misunderstanding.
You lied to Ish-kay-nay.
What's worse.
you didn't sound the alarm.
-I thought I'd manage alone.
-Your false pride cost us our stores.
And now. when the buffalos didn't come
and winter is approaching!
You are far from ready
to take responsibility for your tribe.
And now for you...
I won't stain my ancestors' land
with a white man's blood
and endanger our peace treaty.
Winnetou.
we will hand the horse thief over
to the sheriff.
He's your responsibility till then.
-But. Chief...
-Go into the teepee with him.
I don't want to see or hear you
until the next moon.
The council shall meet
in the holy caves.
Um... girl.
I'd love the food.
I'm as hungry as a bear.
You don't look like a bear.
but like a dead possum
that's been out in the sun too long.
I've thought it over.
I'm not hungry after all.
But thanks... girl.
-Nscho-tschi.
-Bless you.
That's my name. I'm Winnetou's sister.
Oh. I'm sorry. Nice to meet you.
Tom Silver.
Stay away from him. He's a thief.
Is he always so grumpy?
Father wouldn't be so furious
if the buffalos hadn't vanished.
He will forgive you.
-But I won't forgive myself.
-What's going on with the buffalos?
The herd comes through each year
on its way to the Big Water.
But this year they still haven't come.
And if I knew where they were?
-I may have heard something.
-What did you hear?
-Where? From whom?
-Some scraps. from a drunk in a saloon.
What's his name? And what's a "saloon"?
Untie me and I'll take you there.
No. Winnetou.
Speak to Father.
Don't even think about it.
All right. I understand.
I can't see the buffalos.
A shadow hovers over them.
A shadow shaped like a bird.
An eagle...
or perhaps...
Yes.
a big crow.
The signs are clear.
A curse.
We should break camp.
This land is tied to our people.
Many of our ancestors
are laid to rest here.
Who will watch over their graves
and our holy caves if we leave?
And yet the future of our tribe
has much more weight
than the past does.
Without the buffalos we will not survive
the Long Night Moon.
Nagi-nita is right.
The survival of our people
is the first priority.
If the buffalos haven't returned
once the moon is half its size
we will break camp...
-And seek new land.
-No!
You dare disrupt the council?
Father. we don't
have to leave our homeland.
The boy may know where the buffalos are.
Winnetou trusts the wrong person.
The white man only has one goal.
He comes with guns and rifles
to steal our land.
-But what if he can help us?
-Enough!
Nagi-nita is right.
The boy is two-faced
and only wants to save his own skin.
You've let me down
for the second time today.
Go!
Back to your teepee.
Post a guard outside
so he doesn't leave it again.
Where are you going?
To the white man's country?
It is dangerous to go there.
Why don't we ask
an older warrior to go with us?
-Us?
-I'm coming along.
No. I've been banished
from Father's sight. he won't miss me.
If you go. he'll notice
and send warriors after you.
-But...
-I hate to admit it.
Your brother may possibly even be right.
Will you untie me now?
Oh. come on! Really? What is this?
Once I find that man. I'll set you free.
We have to get past the guard.
Here. You have to drink this.
No. Mommy. I've already eaten it all up.
-What's with him?
-The "kiss of the silver frog."
It loosens the tongue while you sleep.
I have more.
Here. it may be of use to you.
Nothing against good old laholo.
but I think one of your faster horses
would have been a better idea.
But. all right. it's your decision.
This will get us to Rio Santo
in five hours at the earliest.
You don't like to talk. do you?
Oh well. you don't have to be.
-I can shut my trap.
-Hm?
By "shut my trap"
I mean I can keep quiet.
After all. we don't know each other.
Hardly. that is.
I hate to say it. but...
I have to pee...
Well. all right. That's fine.
I'll just let go.
-Done?
-Yes.
Yes. yes. I'm done.
Sure is hot. without a hat and all.
So do Natives sweat. or don't they?
Do pale faces bleed.
or don't they?
Let's ride.
Is it true that all your names
have a meaning?
If so. what does Winnetou mean?
“"Angry wolf"?
Or "moody eagle”?
-Or maybe...
-Burning water.
Huh? But... But water can't burn.
But it sounds pretty cool somehow.
-Saloon'll know where the buffalos are.
-Saloon isn't a man.
That's the place where the man is.
-His name is Hank.
-Then let's go.
-Let's look for Hank.
-Hold on.
Maybe it'd be better
if I go into the saloon alone.
Natives aren't exactly...
How should I say this?
Welcome.
Do you have a better idea?
Howdy.
He's a horse thief.
I caught him in the act.
Don't go too far. got it?
Good Lord!
How long is this going to take?
-This sun is unbearable.
-Mom!
Look! A Native. if I'm not mistaken.
Sam Hawkens. don't talk nonsense again!
But...
Good that we're just passing through.
Now come along.
That's that boy!
Come on!
Thanks.
Hey! What's this supposed to be?
Who's that you've got with you?
Ah! There you are. finally.
What? They're here to help in the barn.
-Continue!
-But don't steal any hens!
Where's your sense?
Showing up with your friend!
We're not friends!
Oh. come here.
Tom. Rio Santo is dangerous.
Lots of people
have scores to settle with you.
We're getting out of here soon.
but first you have to help us.
-Do you know where Hank is?
-That old rascal?
He's in the back
trying his luck at poker.
-You foolish liar!
-Oh. no.
-Hank.
-That's him.
Cheating at poker isn't a good idea.
-Hey. I wasn't cheating.
-Come on.
-The money!
-I didn't do anything.
Oh. that dummy.
Go! Under the table!
Kiss me!
I love you anyway.
-He's trying to escape.
-After him!
Go on. give me the rifle.
Thank you.
Enough!
Well. there you go.
Where is he?
Up there!
Weapons first.
Seriously?
Let's go.
Come on. honey.
Do you see this?
This Tom...
Silver.
He was just slinking through town.
With a Native. if I'm not mistaken.
Ridley!
Wilson!
-And Ridley?
-No idea. Watson.
Todd's little weasel is in town.
Well?
No idea
where Todd's little beagle is hiding.
-His weasel. bonehead.
-Oh yeah?
He has to be somewhere. Keep looking!
Sure. boss.
This is sure to mean trouble.
Okay. he has to be
in one of these rooms.
Hank? Oops.
Sorry. Carry on.
Okay.
Nobody's in.
Hank. old boy.
What's up?
Tom Silver!
God. you scared me. What do you want?
And who's that guy?
Well. even if I knew
what happened with the buffalos.
why should I tell you?
It's quite a story indeed.
He knows something.
What do I get for telling you?
I can imagine the guys in the saloon
want their money back.
The money you stole from them.
Come on. Winnetou. We're leaving.
Crap! Tom.
Wait.
Okay. I'll tell you everything I know.
But you won't like it.
-Silver!
-Holy cow!
Can't a guy have a bath in peace?
First those two snot-nosed kids
and now you!
Pardon me. Mayor.
Boss!
Todd... Aunt Todd's behind this.
Yep. Looks that way.
-Who is this woman?
-Todd isn't a woman.
And I recommend
you to never ever call him...
"aunt.”
He's the most-wanted outlaw
in the Wild West.
So you know him?
Well. Todd and his gang
were like a family to Tom.
That's right. isn't it?
Right then. I've got to go.
I wish you lots of luck.
You're going to need it.
-Hello. gentlemen.
-Hello.
Shut up!
You have to bring me to this Todd fella.
You know where to find him.
Okay.
I did what I could. That was the deal.
Let's go.
Come on.
-What do they want?
-You may have missed it.
I'm a thief.
He wants to throw me in jail!
Quick!
Just you wait...
Watch out!
Darn it!
Wait! That way! Cut them off.
Wake up. sleepyhead!
-This way!
-Don't let him get away!
Crap!
Go! In there.
Why are you staring at the roof?
They came down a while ago. darn it.
Robbery!
My wagon!
Don't stand around like statues.
do something!
They're in there!
On the horses!
This is going to be exciting.
if I'm not mistaken.
I hate to ask.
but you do have a plan. right?
-We have to control the horses.
-How?
Without reins?
We have to stop somehow.
Crap!
Faster. boys.
The sheriff and his men are after us.
-Oh. crap!
-What is it?
Whoa!
-What's wrong. boss?
-They're headed for Akuna Canyon.
Then that's that for Tom Silver.
Did I ask you?
We have to jump off.
-No way!
-Then we get on the horses!
He's out of his mind!
On three. we jump!
One...
-Two...
-No!
Three!
Jump!
Winnetou!
The wagon will fall off the cliff.
Give me your hand!
Now!
No!
I can't do it.
We have to jump!
-No. I can't!
-You have to! Come on!
-No way!
-Now! Jump!
Rest in peace. Tom Silver.
-Shame.
-That's for sure.
-I hoped he would lead us to Todd.
-Oh. right.
I meant about the wagon.
Okay. fellas.
Let's ride back.
You can come out.
How does that work?
The sun's setting.
Where can we camp tonight?
No clue. How should I know?
Because this is your region.
And another thing. you're bleeding.
Take another roasted mescal.
I've had three. I'm full.
Take them to the teepee
for Winnetou and the white boy.
Yes. I'll take some with me.
Thank you. Father.
Winnetou made a mistake.
But he is still young.
His blood runs hot quickly.
He has a big task ahead of him.
I'm not sure if he's up to it.
Perhaps you should
put more trust in him.
I'll talk to him tomorrow.
I'm so mad!
Mad?
By mad she means angry.
The sheriff said that you were dead.
So he won't search for us anymore.
We're alive.
You don't need to be mad.
Yes.
You're safe here for tonight.
You are quiet.
That is... new.
Thanks.
Thank you for saving me.
You didn't have to do that.
You ride by my side.
That symbol on your amulet...
is that gold?
If so. it's worth a lot.
If it were stone
it wouldn't be worth any less to me.
Does it have a meaning?
It's from my father.
He got it as a young man
to honor his bravery.
What did he do?
He freed a woman who had fallen
into a deep crevice during the hunt.
The woman... was your mother?
What happened to her?
She died a few years ago.
And you?
What about your family?
My parents...
I never met them.
They vanished when I was still little.
And Todd took me in.
Then. about a year ago.
during a robbery.
I was supposed to sound the alarm
when the sheriff showed up.
But I messed it up.
And during the getaway
we got separated.
And why didn't you go back
to that Todd guy afterwards?
What about this woman who's mad?
-Miss Elly. What about her?
-She likes you.
Nonsense.
She thinks I'm a bandit.
like everyone else does.
We say.
"Judge not by the eye.
but by the heart.”
I know where to find Todd.
And I'll take you to him.
-Nscho-tschi.
-Wait! It's best you don't go in there.
Why?
Winnetou and the white boy are sick.
I had them try my bearberry tea.
It made Ish-kay-nay think
she was a flying fire salamander.
Yes. That's exactly right.
See?
They are sound asleep.
What's going on here?
Where are they?
Your first time bareback.
-Nonsense! Why do you ask?
-It wasn't a question.
Drink.
Here. We call this is aloe vera.
Rub it on the raw spot.
What?
No idea what you mean. I'm fine.
How much further till we get to Todd?
If we get a move on.
we'll be there before sundown.
Let's go then.
You can make a million
with this miracle cure.
Winnetou and the white boy
rode to Rio Santo.
He defied my orders. as did Nscho-tschi.
My son must return.
Our tribe is not leaving until he does.
We'll ride now. and we will find him.
Do you see?
Back there in that ramshackle hut.
That's where Todd and his gang hide.
Then we have to go there.
-Are you the sheriff?
-That's Wilson.
Sheriff Watson.
-We come in peace.
-I sure hope so.
-What do you want?
-Intschu-tschuna sent us.
We're looking for his son. Winnetou.
Winne who?
-He was with a white boy.
-Tom Silver.
-You saw them?
-Tom Silver is guilty of many crimes.
While fleeing the law he
and the other boy stole a covered wagon.
The two of them...
God rest their souls.
fell off a cliff.
-Before our eyes.
-Where?
Into Akuna Canyon.
Tell Intschu-tschuna.
I'll ride to the canyon.
This is sure to mean trouble.
You okay?
What's that face you're making. Freddy?
If I could make faces...
I'd fix you up with a new one.
Would you really?
Butch. Freddy. two of Todd's men.
Thanks.
Not exactly the brightest guys around.
-We have to ask them...
-Stop!
They're dangerous.
I have a better plan.
An underground tunnel here
leads into Todd's hideout.
It's meant as an escape route. Come on.
Let's go.
Whoa! Hot!
Oh. yummy. You hungry too?
Watching you cook ruins my appetite.
-What's the deal with that?
-I'm training.
It'd do you some good too. buddy.
Go on.
-Hit me.
-What?
Punch me!
Why? You're my friend.
No matter.
As hard as you can. Come on!
Call me when the food's ready.
Okay. Butch?
We have to get them to talk.
-The kiss of the silver frog.
-It loosens the tongue while you sleep.
Okay. I've got this.
Freddy! Food's ready.
Stop!
Didn't you forget something?
You're a bandit. I'm a bandit.
now it's time to eat
so we wish you: Bon Appétit!
What now?
Shut up. you stupid animal!
Can't you do anything besides poo?
All of Devil's Gorge
stinks worse than our outhouse.
Devil's Gorge.
You airheads.
What is it now?
What for crow's sake is wrong with you?
No idea. Todd.
Shh!
-You hear that?
-What?
Let's go.
Sorry. Buffalo allergy.
If all goes as planned.
our pals will leave their land.
Knock yourselves out for a few hours.
Seriously?
You're such a fool.
Okay. now we know
where the buffalos are.
In Devil's Gorge.
And I know where it is.
We'll free them tomorrow morning.
Is everything okay?
My mind told me not to trust you.
but I followed my heart.
Thank you.
Hey. my darling.
What do you have to chitter to me?
The buffalos.
There they are.
You did it.
We.
Come on. Let's free the buffalos.
Oopsy-poopsy.
What a coincidence!
Tom Silver.
Back with the family.
He's not involved in this.
I forced him to lead me here.
Always so gallant. these young people.
Tom.
I can't start to tell you
how disappointed I am in you
after everything I have done for you.
Hold on.
I'm disappointed.
I thought you guys would never show up.
What are you saying?
You know what this looks like to us?
As if you led this guy here
to free the buffalos.
What? Nonsense!
When I heard about your genius plan
to hide the buffalos.
I latched right on to this guy
to stop him from freeing the buffalos.
Listen. Todd. I know I screwed up.
Back then.
and I want to make up for that mistake.
I brought him here on purpose.
to you. as a present.
You like presents.
Who doesn't like presents?
But what am I supposed to do with him?
I don't care. He's just the packaging.
-This is your actual present.
-Gold!
Traitor!
I trusted you.
Yeah. sure.
And you listened to your heart.
You guys are so stupid.
And. by the way. he's not just anyone.
This is Winnetou.
son of the Apache chief Intschu-tschuna.
Well. well. the son of a chief.
Sorry
that you have to leave your land.
but we want the gold
from your holy caves.
I missed you. Tom.
I'm glad to be back here.
with my family.
Disarm him.
All right. pal. get moving!
You'll pay for this!
My father will send warriors.
-Hey!
-Does he always jabber so much?
Unceasingly! He nearly talked me
to death on the way here.
Oh. boy!
Home cooking always tastes best.
Oopsy-poopsy.
-What an esteemed visitor!
-Nagi-nita!
Our good friend Nia-Gara.
Come. sit down with us
and tell us what brings you here.
I kept my part of the deal.
We'll leave our land
and search for a new home.
I want the weapons you promised me.
You'll get your weapons.
We have an agreement.
but first we want the gold...
from your holy caves.
Then you'll have fulfilled
your part of the agreement.
Winnetou.
my chief's son. is dead.
He fell off a cliff
while fleeing the sheriff.
-Oh! How unfortunate.
-Shut it!
How horrible. How sad.
But. in all honesty.
what are you trying to tell us?
His death will confirm my tribe's belief
that our land is cursed.
Once I bring Intschu-tschuna proof.
he will give the order
to break camp.
Hallelujah!
Then this tragic accident
has a silver lining.
So. off you go. back to your village.
And away you go
to seek new lands in peace.
Anything else. Tiki-Taka?
Intschu-tschuna is
a distinguished chief.
But he fails to see that the pale faces
will soon break the peace.
We can only defend ourselves
against the white man's weapons
with your guns.
We know you only want
what's best for your people. as do we.
the best for you.
as well as for ourselves.
The agreement was no bloodshed.
We will. of course. hold to that.
We. the Crow family.
are men of honor.
Butch. Freddy.
Get rid of that Winnetou boy.
And by "get rid of"
you mean what exactly?
Tom.
Explain it to him.
Eliminate him.
Right. boy.
I'm really sorry. kiddo.
This really does suck.
But you heard Todd's order.
and when he... you know...
no one dares to...
-No one disagrees with him.
-Butch?
Are you sure
that you really want to shoot him?
But...
-But Todd said...
-I know what he said.
"Eliminate him." but not like this!
How then?
-He's messing with you.
-Fine.
Bump him off. I don't care.
Todd will get you defying his order.
Breathe. Butch.
-What would you do. Tom?
-Think about it.
Over the cliff. Glug. glug!
Into the water. so his soul is trapped
and his ghost can't haunt his killers.
But you know that.
Of course we do.
Yeah.
Of course. How dumb do you think we are?
Right. let's go.
Enjoy the trip!
Don't worry.
We're nearly there.
Stop whining!
He's thrashing around like a trout.
-Give me the bag.
-Do you know how bad it hurts?
You little maggot!
Right. bud. enough funny business.
Gold. gold. gold!
I'm coming!
Well...
Any last words?
Right. then on... on three.
-One...
-Nah.
Winnetou!
If this is some stupid trick...
Stop it!
Please!
Come on! Breathe!
Breathe!
Please!
Winnetou.
My friend.
You're alive! I can't believe it.
You really scared me.
Oh. boy. Everything's all right.
I'm sorry I betrayed you.
It was our only chance.
I had to pretend I was on his side.
I wanted... Otherwise he'd have...
I don't know what to say.
Then just shut your trap.
My heart spoke the truth.
Well done. my friend.
We'll free the buffalos later.
We've got to go.
Before Todd gets our gold.
-Where are the horses?
-Over there. Wait!
I learn fast.
First my wife.
and now my son Winnetou.
I'm sorry.
I wish I could bring you better news.
But. unfortunately. there's no doubt.
Thank you. brother.
We will leave this land.
Hallelujah!
The Apaches are breaking camp.
The path to our gold is wide open.
Faster!
Come on. faster!
-We can't waste any time.
-My brother is alive.
I can feel it.
We have to be strong
and think about
the future of our people.
Your father is waiting.
You're sure you want to stay here?
You will lead our people to new land.
And you will ensure
that we can live in peace.
What are you doing on our land?
Oopsy-poopsy!
To whom do we owe the pleasure?
Who even cares?
This is no longer your land. but ours.
Tie them up.
Faster!
You'll pay for this.
Our warriors will find you.
-And avenge us.
-Funny.
That's exactly
what that boy Winnetou said.
shortly before taking leave
for the happy hunting grounds.
-So?
-We will have to wait for Nita-nagi.
The caves are mazelike.
We'll never find the gold alone.
-Do you have to go wee?
-Mm-hmm.
How many times have I told you to go wee
before we ride off?
-Go on now.
-Thanks.
Children.
I want my gold now.
You could lead me through this cave.
We would rather die
than show you the way through the caves.
How gallant and dignified.
There he is. finally!
Our faithful friend.
In case you haven't met yet.
Nia-Gara. old people.
Old people. Nia-Gara.
Oh. who cares?
Where are the weapons you promised?
-Dear friend. about the weapons...
-Hands up!
Nscho-tschi!
No! Let me go!
You pretty. brave little girl.
we don't do things like that.
You just wait!
Run! Run and get help!
The next shot will be on target!
Get her.
Nagi-nagi.
always short and snappy.
Who is going to finally lead me
to my gold?
-You!
-I'll do it.
I'll do it.
Hallelujah. Delightful.
Go on. Follow along. go on.
Foley. you too.
Onward!
I've always wanted
to try one of these out.
Winnetou. you're alive.
If we don't make it. tell my father
the buffalos are in Devil's Gorge.
Thanks.
-Let's go.
-Okay.
Nscho-tschi. Have you seen Nscho-tschi?
Nscho-tschi?
Granny.
why have you stopped walking?
Should Achoo-Achoo give you a piggyback?
Go on. Keep moving. Keep moving!
When will we finally be there?
Don't fall asleep.
Keep moving.
Go on.
Wait!
Seriously?
- I could get used to this.
-Come on. let's go.
Oopsy-poopsy.
Hallelujah!
Foley!
Look at this.
The Apache gold!
Fo...!
Foley?
Foley!
I knew it.
Tom.
All of the walls are full of gold!
Winnetou.
-I'll do this.
-Full of gold!
All of the walls!
Really?
The Apache gold.
Tom!
There you are. It's about time.
Take a look at this.
Pure gold.
This isn't like
sifting scraps out of the river.
And it all belongs to me.
Maybe I'll give my favorite son some.
I'm not your son!
You nasty. filthy. little...
Winnetou!
We did it!
Come. quick!
You have to look at this.
Tom...
you trait...
One arrow breaks easily.
many arrows are stronger together.
Thanks. my friend.
Nscho-tschi.
I was so afraid of losing you too.
I was right.
Right about what?
Winnetou.
You're alive.
Look at that.
That's what family looks like.
Silly guy.
The buffalos are back.
Nagi-nita
thought weapons would bring peace.
But what he believed was wrong.
The opposite is true.
Todd and his bandits
have been handed over to the sheriff.
Winnetou. my son...
I did you wrong.
Actions are
what set a good warrior apart.
-Thanks to you. the buffalos are back.
-The credit goes to someone else.
To the person who saved my life
and who saved our tribe.
Me? Aw. shucks.
We all did that together.
Nscho-tschi...
One day you will be
a great chief. my son.
Tom. look.
Miss Elly.
Tom Silver.
the Great Spirit sent you to us.
Yeah.
To show us not to mistrust people
because their skin is a different color.
Our eyes can deceive us.
but not our heart.
Thank you.
We owe you great thanks.
Elly. are you sure you want
to take that boy home. to my town?
Yes. absolutely.
-This is sure to mean trouble.
-Oh. Sheriff.
Todd cried like a baby
when I took it away from him.
Blood brothers.
My brother. there will always be
a place for you by our fires.
We will meet again.
THE END
Subtitles: Nathan Fritz